Update ansible-galaxy to handle role requirements (#68288)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/galaxy/user_guide.rst

------------

Roles can also be dependent on other roles, and when you install a role that has dependencies, those dependencies will automatically be installed.
When dependencies are encountered by ``ansible-galaxy``, it will automatically install each dependency to the ``roles_path``.

There are two ways to define the dependencies of a role:

> Using ``meta/requirements.yml``

Reviewer: version added tag

Author: Already did a commit for that.

------------

Roles can also be dependent on other roles, and when you install a role that has dependencies, those dependencies will automatically be installed.
When dependencies are encountered by ``ansible-galaxy``, it will automatically install each dependency to the ``roles_path``.

There are two ways to define the dependencies of a role:

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

* using ``meta/requirements.yml``
* using ``meta/main.yml``

```

Using ``meta/requirements.yml``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`.. versionadded:: 2.10`

You can create the file ``meta/requirements.yml`` and define dependencies in the same format used for :file:`requirements.yml` described in the `Installing multiple roles from a file`_ section.

From there, you can import or include the specified roles in your tasks.

Using ``meta/main.yml``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Alternatively, you can also specify role dependencies in the ``meta/main.yml`` file by providing a list of roles under the ``dependencies`` section. If the source of a role is Galaxy, you can simply specify the role in

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alternately, you can  specify role dependencies in the ``meta/main.yml`` file by providing a list of roles under the ``dependencies`` section. If the source of a role is Galaxy, you can simply specify the role in
```

Author: Not a native english speaker but it seems that alternatively was a bit more what I was trying to convey:

> Alternately means several things taken in turn, consecutively, one after another. Alternately is an adverb formed by adding -ly to the word alternate, which comes from the Latin word alternatus meaning one after the other. Alternatively means another choice, on the other hand, another possibility.

------------

Roles can also be dependent on other roles, and when you install a role that has dependencies, those dependencies will automatically be installed.

> When dependencies are encountered by ``ansible-galaxy``, it will automatically install each dependency to the ``roles_path``.

Reviewer 3: This seems mostly redundant with the sentence above. Can you just add "to the ``roles_path``" to the end of the sentence above instead?
